NO! Execution manager must see all job queues for all computer nodes (new data structure: queue and an access module)
MAYBE? PROBABLY NO! polling logic is in an access module, job update logic is in execution manager.
NATURALLY! session manager takes over everything about tracking session progress.
Questions: data transfer tasks trigger? is it to be treated the same as other computer tasks in some regard?
ANSWER FOUND! (kinda) Mostly as other tasks, but with regards to data markers; Concurrent limit is probably needed by pending data size for each node involved; we distributed storage nao!
NOT NEEDED, IT IS IN JOB QUEUE! where to track job-computer assignment and is it needed at all?
SOLVED! SEE BELOW! Add job start conditions. might need a really custom queue. with priorities and such. one 'queue' with a list of concurrentqueues sorted by priority? job cannot start yet? goes into 0 priority queue. probably just a 0 and 1 priorities, since more will further complicate scheduling. Maybe as a development for masters?

Job start condition: add data is available on the assigned execution site;
Job queue has a "0 priority pending" sub-queue, for jobs that where taken from normal pending queue, but were not ready to execute yet. 0pp sub-queue is looped.
Data markers: 
-To be queried; we Jon Snow; every ref type before storage has been queried and response has been received
-To be created; data is being created (!); for data that is either being pre-processed by storage, or is a result of a job that has not yet finished;
-Available; data is available for transfer; has transfer source parameter (storage, execution node or local, for value types); all value types by default

11.03
1) перестать писать себе напоминалки на англицком
2) трансляция сессии в более удобный внутренний формат (заодно разработать формат)
3) накарябать новое апи в сваггере и убедить компилятора его использовать
4) проработать весь стек
5) допилить шедулёра. кто такой GRASP и с чем его едят? как блджад частицы двигаются? кто знает...
6) тестики!

